**LYFE TERMS OF USE**

Last updated November 17, 2025

These Terms of Use (or “**Terms**”) are a binding contract between LyfeVault, Inc. dba Lyfe AI (“**Lyfe**”) and you as a current or potential new Provider, Patient, or Caregiver (each defined in Section 2 and collectively referred to herein as “**Users**”) or a visitor to our website. These Terms, and together with our **Privacy Policy**, govern your use of Lyfe’s healthcare application and platform (“**Platform**”), our mobile application (“**App**”), and your interactions with Lyfe in any manner (collectively, the “**Services**”). Additional separate terms may apply to your use of certain Services, including without limitation the Terms of Service between Lyfe and each Provider (as a Client, as that term is used in the Terms of Service), each of which will be considered part of these Terms. 

**THESE TERMS INCLUDE A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND AN ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT GOVERNS ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND LYFE.**

If you have questions about any of our Services or these Terms of Use, please contact us through your account on the Platform or at [hello@lyfeco.ai](mailto:hello@lyfeco.ai).

1. **ACCEPTANCE** 

* **By clicking “Accept” or using the Services, you agree to these Terms in their entirety.**

* **You must be at least 18 years old or have permission from your parent/legal guardian.** 

To use the Services, you must agree to be unconditionally bound by these Terms. To use the Services, you must reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions and (a) you must be at least 18 years old and of legal capacity to form a binding contract or (b) if you are less than 18 years old, your parent or legal guardian must authorize your use of the Services through their Caregiver account and, by doing so, the parent/legal guardian agrees to these Terms on your behalf as a minor Patient. A parent/legal guardian is fully responsible for all use of the Services by their minor User. If you are accessing the Services on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and agree that you are authorized to act on behalf of such entity and to bind such entity to these Terms. You accept the Terms by accessing or using the Services in any manner or clicking to accept or agree to the Terms where this option is made available to you. These Terms will remain in effect as long as you use our Services. If you do not agree with any of these Terms, do not access or use the Services.

2. **SERVICES**

* **You can use the Services as a visitor, Provider, Patient, or Caregiver.**

* **You must provide Lyfe with accurate information only.**

* **You may use the Services in compliance with these Terms and applicable laws.**

You can visit our website or online channels as a website visitor. The Platform is a web-based healthcare platform that integrates with multiple electronic medical record systems to provide a unified interface for accessing and managing health data. The Platform allows (a) licensed healthcare providers subject to our Terms of Service (“**Providers**”) to access aggregated patient data from multiple EMR sources and AI-powered clinical decision support tools; (b) patients of Providers (“**Patients**”) to view and manage their own health information and care preferences on the Platform; and (c) legally authorized caregivers of Patients who are granted delegated access to manage a Patient’s account on the Platform (“**Caregivers**”). Patients and Caregivers access the Services free of charge. The Services are made available to Providers and their Authorized Users (defined in Section 7\) in exchange for the fees and subject to payment terms set forth in the Terms of Service.

Patients grant their Caregiver(s) access to the Patient’s information on the Platform and identify the Caregiver’s permission, scope of access, and relationship to the Patient; except that Caregivers of minor Patients establish access to the Platform on behalf of the minor Patient, subject to documentation and relationship verification. Caregivers of minor Patients are solely responsible for determining and providing authorization to other Users for Provider, Caregiver, or Patient access to data through the Platform. Lyfe reserves the right to collect and process all information necessary for age, status, relationship, or other verification types as needed to confirm an individual’s eligibility for a requested User type and to deny access to a User unless and until Lyfe determines the User’s identity and eligibility has been verified. 

By using the Services in any capacity, you represent and warrant that (a) any information you submit to us is truthful and accurate and lawfully obtained by you and disclosed to Lyfe; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of that information; (c) you will be entirely responsible for maintaining the security of your login credentials, if any; and (d) your use of our Services and their features does not and will not violate any applicable law, rule or regulation. Any use of the Services in violation of these Terms that in our judgment threatens the security, integrity, or availability of the Services may result in immediate suspension of access to the Services, without limiting any other rights and remedies.

3. **REGISTRATION**

* **Users must register to access the Platform.**

Each User must register and create an account to access and use the Platform. You may not use false identities, false information, or impersonate any other person or use credentials that you are not authorized to use. The information we collect during registration and how we use that information is described in our Privacy Policy. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials. Your login credentials are for your personal use only and shall not, under any circumstances, be shared, distributed, or otherwise made available to anyone. You accept responsibility for all activity that occurs under your account. We are not liable for any loss or damage arising out of your failure to maintain your account security. You agree to notify Lyfe immediately of any suspected theft, loss, or fraudulent use of your login or password. 

4. **NOT MEDICAL TREATMENT OR ADVICE**

You understand and agree that (a) the Services are not medical, health care, legal, accounting, financial, or other professional advice (collectively, “Professional Advice”) and (b) the Services do not diagnose, treat, cure, or guarantee prevention of any injury or illness, prescribe or provide prescription drugs, products or services, or process billing or payment with your insurance or otherwise. Lyfe does not offer Professional Advice or any medical services, healthcare, or health insurance services. Additionally, use of our Services should not replace your Provider or your use of good judgment and common sense. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. LYFE DOES NOT OFFER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. You are advised to seek diagnosis, treatment, and advice regarding medical or mental conditions or illnesses from physicians practicing medicine, psychotherapists, psychologists, and other licensed healthcare and mental health professionals. Lyfe disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such content by you or any other User, or by anyone who may be informed thereof. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the information on the Services. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information by you or others.

5. **HEALTH PRIVACY**

A Provider that is a covered entity under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“**HIPAA**”) is solely responsible for (i) confirming that the Services meet the Provider’s HIPAA standards; (ii) using the Services in compliance with HIPAA, other applicable health privacy and consumer privacy laws, and all other laws and regulations that apply to the Provider and its Authorized Users; (iii) ensuring that Provider has executed and at all times complies with a Business Associate Agreement with Lyfe; and (iv) training its Authorized Users to use the Services in compliance with HIPAA. Provider hereby grants Lyfe unlimited permission to parse, store, and manage any and all User Content (defined in Section 12\) provided to Lyfe by Provider, whether directly or via a third party at Provider’s instruction, in order to provide the Services. Provider acknowledges and agrees that Lyfe is not responsible for misuse or misinterpretation of User Content by Provider or any other party in connection in any other way with an account on the Platform, or by the public.

6. **PATIENT-PROVIDER RELATIONSHIP**

Your use of the Services as a Patient does not change your relationship with your Provider through which you are using the Services, and it does not make Lyfe a party to any relationship or transactions you have with a Provider. You as the Patient, and not Lyfe, are responsible for your care, treatment, purchases, and services received in relation to your use of the Services. For clarity, any medical care, treatment, purchases, or services sought or received by a Patient from a Provider is governed by the Provider’s terms and conditions and policies, as applicable. 

7. **PROVIDER AUTHORIZED USERS**

* **Provider’s Authorized Users are subject to Provider’s policies and the Lyfe Terms of Service.** 

* **Authorized Users have no employment relationship with Lyfe.** 

If you access the Services through the Provider’s contractual relationship with Lyfe (“Authorized User”), your access to the Services is paid by the Provider, and you will be able to use the Services subject to the Provider’s policies and practices until the expiration of a specified term agreed between the Provider and Lyfe. The Provider paying for your access to the Services controls the scope and duration of your access to the Services and may terminate or de-provision your access to it at any time. You agree that Lyfe will not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination or cancellation of your access to, or use of, the Services that were originally provided to you by such Provider.

As an Authorized User, you may use the Services in connection with your employment, however, you understand you have no employment relationship with Lyfe and that you and Lyfe are independent contractors under these Terms. Nothing in these Terms shall be interpreted to grant either party the power to direct and control the day-to-day activities of the other, constitute the parties as partners, joint venturers, co-owners, principal-agent, or otherwise participants in a joint or common undertaking, or, except as expressly provided herein, allow either party to create or assume any obligation on behalf of the other for any purpose whatsoever. You acknowledge and agree that you will not be entitled to participate in and/or receive any benefits from Lyfe under any circumstances, Lyfe has no obligation to withhold any income or other payroll taxes on your behalf. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lyfe from and against any losses that we incur as a result of your breach of your obligations under this provision.

8. **ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE**

Lyfe incorporates certain technology powered by generative or predictive artificial intelligence, large language models, or machine learning (collectively, “**AI**”) to the Platform chat feature (“**Chat**”) and other features available through the Platform. You hereby consent to the processing of your data on the Platform using AI as described in this section and our Privacy Policy. Your use of the Chat or other AI-enabled features may require Lyfe to disclose your data to third-party service providers that make those AI-enabled features possible. All protected health information and Personal Information (as defined in the Privacy Policy) will be processed in a segregated environment and will not be used to train AI models or to produce AI-generated outputs for the benefit of other Patients. 

You understand and agree that AI-generated outputs are not human-created and are not a substitute for human oversight; (ii) AI may generate the same or similar output for multiple Users; (iii) outputs may provide incomplete, incorrect, or offensive information; and (iv) each output must be confirmed for accuracy prior to use, as doing so could have a medical, legal, or other material impact on the Patient or others. A PATIENT SHOULD DIRECT QUESTIONS ABOUT THEIR PROVIDER’S USE OF AI VIA THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE TO THE PROVIDER. User relies on AI outputs at the User’s own risk. Lyfe makes no representations whatsoever as to outputs, including without limitation legality, distinctiveness, accuracy, completeness, consistency, or ability to be protected under intellectual property laws. AI outputs do not represent Lyfe’s views. Outputs that contain references to third-party services do not mean the third party endorses or is affiliated with Lyfe.

IN CONSIDERATION FOR USE OF AI-ENABLED FEATURES, YOU HEREBY RELEASE FROM LIABILITY AND WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO BRING ACTION AGAINST LYFE FOR ANY CLAIMS RELATING TO AI-ENABLED FEATURES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES OR LYFE’S DISCLOSURE OF DATA TO THIRD-PARTY AI SERVICE PROVIDERS TO MAKE SUCH AI-ENABLED FEATURES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY INCIDENTAL CLAIMS RELATED THERETO.

9. **APP**

* **You must have a device that meets Software Requirements to use the Services on an App.** 

To use the App, you must have a compatible mobile telephone or handheld device, Internet access, and the necessary minimum specifications (“**Software Requirements**”).  The Software Requirements for Apple iOS devices and Android OS devices can be found on the relevant App Store page.  The App may be upgraded from time to time to add support for new functions and services. The App may request certain privacy permissions from time to time such as access to your calendar, device camera or microphone, or other applications on your device. You acknowledge that the terms of agreement with your respective mobile network provider will continue to apply when using the App. Data and messaging charges may apply to your use of the Services or any text messaging or photo sharing features you use via the App. You accept responsibility for any such charges that arise. If you are not the bill payer for the mobile telephone or handheld device being used to access the App, you will be assumed to have received permission from the bill payer for using the App.

10. **PRIVACY POLICY**

* **You acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy.** 

You acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy. You may review our Privacy Policy at any time by visiting our website and clicking on the Privacy Policy link. Note that as a Client, you are solely responsible for ensuring that you only use and make available our Services to your Patients and Authorized Users in compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws, including without limitation health privacy laws.

11. **LYFE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY**

* **The Services and all Lyfe IP belong to Lyfe.** 

* **Lyfe grants you a limited license to use the Services under these Terms.**

Unless otherwise expressly indicated, the Services, which includes all information, data, software, images, content, text, information, page headers, button icons, designs, data, graphics, slogans, photographs, written information, and other materials contained in the Services, as well as names, logos, taglines, trade dress, and other trademarks displayed on the Services, are intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed by Lyfe (collectively, the “**Lyfe IP**”). The Lyfe IP is protected by U.S. and foreign copyright, trademark, trade dress, or other proprietary right laws and international conventions. 

Subject to these Terms, Lyfe hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to access, download, install, and use the Services for your own personal or internal business purposes. For clarity, you may not resell, sublicense (except a Provider granting access to its Authorized Users), or otherwise commercialize the Services in any manner. The Services are licensed to you, not sold. Nothing in these Terms is intended to, or may be construed as, conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any ownership, license or other grant of right to any copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property of Lyfe or any third party, except as expressly provided in these Terms.  Lyfe reserves all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.

Lyfe’s registered and unregistered trademarks and trade dress, including names, logos, taglines, trade dress, and other trademarks, may not be copied, imitated, or used, whether in whole, partial, or modified form, without the prior written permission of Lyfe. You may not use any meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing a Lyfe name, trademark, or product name without Lyfe’s prior written permission. Third-party trademarks and service marks used on the Services are the property of their respective owners, and we use them with their consent. Lyfe and the other licensors of the marks on the Services reserve all rights with respect to all Lyfe IP and all intellectual property. Improper use of trademarks displayed on the Services is strictly prohibited. No material contained on the Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, product name, or logo displayed on the Services without our express written consent.

12. **USER CONTENT**

Authorized Users, website visitors, and others may have the opportunity to publish, transmit, submit or otherwise post comments, feedback, photos, data, or other materials via the Services (“**User Content**”) that may be accessible and viewable by the public or others. With respect to any User Content posted by you, you represent that (a) you created and own the rights to the content, or you have the owner’s express permission to post such content; and (b) the content does not infringe any other person’s or entity’s rights (including, without limitation, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity, or privacy rights) or violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations, these Terms, or any of our other posted policies.

User Content must not (i) misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization; (ii) seek to collect others’ Personal Information by any means; (iii) seek to transmit chain letters, or bulk or junk email; (iv) relate to contests, sweepstakes, or other sales promotions; (v) include information that may be used to track, contact, or impersonate another; (vi) infringe any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of Lyfe or any other person; (g) seek to harm or exploit children; (vii) contain any material that is false, defamatory, libelous, obscene, harassing, discriminatory, profane, or otherwise offensive, damaging, unlawful, or harmful; (viii) violate Lyfe’s or any other person’s or entity’s legal rights, contain any material that could give rise to civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations, or otherwise promote, advocate or assist any illegal activity or unlawful act; or (ix) be otherwise objectionable as determined by us in our sole discretion.

You are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting it online. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other Users with whom you come in contact through the Services, and, to the extent that the law permits, you release us from any claims or liability related to any User Content posted via the Services and from any claims related to the conduct of any other Users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation to, monitor, review, screen, post, remove, reject, modify, or store User Content at any time and for any reason without notice. We do not endorse any User Content, and the User Content posted does not reflect our opinions, views, or advice. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any User Content that you or a third party posts or sends on or through the Services, nor do we assume any liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any User or third party.

In consideration for your use of the User Content features, you grant to Lyfe an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licensable, perpetual license to use, reproduce, make derivative works from, distribute, publish, display, or perform such User Content in whole or in part, by any and all means and media, in connection with advertising, marketing and promoting Lyfe, our products and our Services. You acknowledge that Lyfe may modify the User Content for any purpose. However, we have no obligation to use any User Content, and our use of any User Content does not create or imply any endorsement of or affiliation with you.

13. **ACCEPTABLE USE**

* **You may use the Services according to the Terms.** 

* **You are prohibited from any activities to breach our security or use the Services unlawfully.** 

You agree not to: (a) rent, retransmit, disclose, publish, sell, assign, lease, sublicense, market, or transfer Lyfe IP or use it in any manner not expressly authorized by these Terms; (b) copy, reverse engineer, translate, port, modify, or make derivative works of any portion of the Services; (c) violate or attempt to violate the security features of the Services; (d) use any device, software, or routine to interfere or try to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activity being conducted on via the Services; or (e) use or try to use any device or mechanism (including browsers, spiders, robots, avatars, or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Services other than the search engine or search agents that we make available via the Services and the generally available third-party web browsers. Tampering with the Services, conducting fraudulent activities on the Services and all other illegal activities are prohibited and may subject a user to legal action and/or termination of your access to the Services. If you engage in the foregoing activity, you may face civil or criminal liability. We will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations. We may involve or cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. 

You are strictly prohibited from using the Lyfe IP: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, or local laws, regulations, rules, or ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious or destructive code; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Services or any related website or application, other website or application, or the internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Services for violating any of the prohibited uses.

14. **DMCA NOTICE**

Lyfe respects the intellectual property rights of others and expect users of the Service to do the same. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to our designated copyright agent (“**Copyright Agent**”). If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Lyfe IP infringe upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“**DMCA**”) to the address listed in Section 23(h) (Notices).

To be valid, your notice must include (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed, or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail; (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

15. **AVAILABILITY**

* **The Services may sometimes be unavailable due to circumstance outside our control.**

Lyfe will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain availability of the Services. You agree and understand that there will be times when the Services will not be available, such as scheduled maintenance times; outages; emergency maintenance; unavailability caused by software, hardware, or other users; and causes beyond our reasonable control. Lyfe will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of planned downtime and unavailability of the Services. Lyfe is not liable for any delays, interruptions, or other transmission errors resulting from any lack of Service, whether or not the cause is mentioned in this paragraph, or any lack of Service caused by your device or your internet or wireless service provider. Lyfe reserves the right to close, suspend, or limit your access to the Services if, in our sole discretion, (a) we are unable to obtain or verify your identity or eligibility; (b) we suspect a security compromise related to your use of the Services; or (c) your data has been used in, or seems to have been used in, a nefarious manner.

16. **THIRD-PARTY CONTENT**

The Services may include third-party content and/or hyperlinks to websites, resources, or content owned or operated by third parties, over which we have no control (“**Third-Party Content**”). Third-Party Content available on the Services is provided solely for your convenience. We are not responsible for the content of any Third-Party Content, nor do we make any representations about the content or accuracy of material on any other platforms. Inclusion of Third-Party Content on our Services does not imply our approval or endorsement of the Third-Party Content. Please be aware that when you click on links that take you to external platforms or content, you do so at your own risk, and you will be subject to their privacy policies and practices and not ours. Any concerns regarding any such website, service, or resource should be directed to the respective third-party.

17. **LEGAL COMPLIANCE; VOID WHERE PROHIBITED**

Lyfe administers and operates the Services from its headquarters in the United States. If you choose to access the Services from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws. Without limiting the foregoing, when using the Services, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, including, but not limited to ecommerce, export controls, and applicable laws governing privacy and data security and their requirements related to verifiable consent, parental consent, consumer privacy rights, recordkeeping, international data transfer laws and other requirements. Not all features, products or services discussed, referenced, provided, or offered via the Services are available to all persons or in all geographic locations, or appropriate or available for use outside the United States. Lyfe reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, product or service to any person or geographic area. The Services and any offer for any feature, product or service made on the Services is void where prohibited. 

18. **TERM AND TERMINATION**

* **The Terms begin on the date you begin using the Services and continue until terminated by us or until you discontinue all use of the Services.** 

* **Upon termination, all licenses and access to the Services will terminate.**

These Terms begin on the date you first access the Services and remain in full force and effect as long as you use the Services. Termination of these Terms is effective when you discontinue all use of the Services and delete your account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, termination of these Terms between a Provider and Lyfe shall be effective as set forth in the Terms of Service. On termination, you lose the right to access or use the Services. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all provisions of these Terms that by its nature would survive expiration or termination along with any other provisions necessary for their construction and enforcement will survive expiration or termination of these Terms.  

19. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

* **Lyfe’s potential liability under these Terms is limited.** 

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL LYFE, ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS (THE “**DISCLAIMING ENTITIES**”) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISCLAIMING ENTITY OR THE SERVICES, OR ANY INFORMATION ACCESSED ON THE SERVICES OR GOODS OR SERVICES TRANSACTED BY WAY OF THE SERVICES, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF THE DISCLAIMING ENTITY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, OUR LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

20. **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES**

* **The Services are provided “as is.” No warranties.** 

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND LYFE DISCLAIMS, AND THESE TERMS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDES, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY (A) OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSES, (B) THAT THE SERVICES ARE ERROR-FREE, FAULT-TOLERANT, OR FAIL-SAFE, WILL OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, ARE COMPATIBLE WITH ALL EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE CONFIGURATIONS, OR THAT ALL NON-CONFORMITIES CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED, (C) OF NONINTERFERENCE, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.  LYFE MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT OR ANY SOFTWARE, EQUIPMENT, OR HARDWARE OBTAINED FROM THIRD PARTIES. YOU AGREE THAT ITS USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND RISK.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, LYFE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ITS SERVICES SHALL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR VIRUS-FREE AT THE TIME OF DELIVERY.  YOU USE THE SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK.

Lyfe does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any data submitted to or output from the Services. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. Lyfe disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information by you or others.

21. **INDEMNIFICATION**

* **The you agree to indemnify us.**

YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD HARMLESS LYFE AND THE DISCLAIMING ENTITIES FROM ALL CLAIMS, LOSSES, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, LIABILITY AND COSTS, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES, OF ANY KIND OR NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO A CLAIM (A) ALLEGING THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES INFRINGES OR VIOLATES THE RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY (INCLUDING ANY MERCHANT) OR VIOLATES APPLICABLE LAW; OR (B) ARISING OUT OF YOUR BREACH OF THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE DOCUMENTS THEY INCORPORATE BY REFERENCE.

22. **Dispute Resolution**

* **Disputes will be resolved by informal dispute resolution first, and then arbitration.** 

* **Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed.**

* **Claims must be brought within one year of the date the claim or cause of action arose.**

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT CONTAINS A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES, AND CLAIMS AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM US. You agree that any dispute, controversy or claim between you and Lyfe arising out of or relating to: (i) these Terms, or the breach thereof; (ii) our provision of the Services; (iii) your access to or use of the Services; or (iv) any alleged violation of any federal, state, or local law, statute, or ordinance (each such dispute, controversy or claim, a “**Dispute**”) will be governed by the arbitration procedure outlined below.

1. **Informal Dispute Resolution.** We want to address your concerns without the necessity of a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against Lyfe, you agree to try to resolve the Dispute informally by contacting hello@lyfeco.ai. Lyfe will contact you by email as part of a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute informally. If a Dispute is not resolved within 30 days after submission, you or Lyfe may bring a formal proceeding.

2. **Arbitration Agreement.** You and Lyfe each agree to resolve any Disputes through final and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. The arbitration will be held in Nashville, Tennessee, United States, or any other location we agree to. The AAA rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or Lyfe may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in Nashville, Tennessee or any United States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of our Services, or infringement of intellectual property rights (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute resolution process described above.

3. **Class Action Waiver.** You may only resolve Disputes with Lyfe on an individual basis and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed under these Terms.

4. **Legal Fees.**  If any dispute arises between the parties with respect to the matters covered by these Terms which leads to a proceeding to resolve such dispute, the prevailing party in such proceeding shall be entitled to receive its reasonable attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees, and out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with such proceeding, in addition to any other relief it may be awarded.

5. **Limitation on Claims.** Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to your use of the Services must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose, or else that claim or cause of action will be barred forever.

23. **GENERAL** 

* **The parties are independent contractors and are authorized to execute these Terms.** 

* **The Terms are governed by Delaware law and disputes will be heard in Delaware courts.**

  1. **Relationship of Parties.** The parties’ relationship, as established by these Terms, is solely that of independent contractors. No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Lyfe as a result of these Terms or your use of the Services. 

  2. **Geographic Restrictions.** The Services are based in the United States. You acknowledge that you may not be able to access all or some of the Services outside of the United States and that access thereto may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Services from outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with local laws. Void where prohibited.

  3. **Governing Law; Venue.** These Terms shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Tennessee without regard to conflicts of law principles. If federal jurisdiction exists, the parties’ consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal courts in Davidson County, Tennessee. If not, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of Davidson County, Tennessee. If either Lyfe or Client employs attorneys to enforce any rights arising out of or relating to these Terms, the prevailing party may recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs, and other expenses, including the costs and fees incurred on appeal or in a bankruptcy or similar action.

  4. **No Assignment.**  No right or obligation pursuant to these Terms may be assigned by either party without the other party’s written consent, and any such attempted assignment shall be void and of no effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may, without consent, assign these Terms to any successor to all or substantially all its business that concerns these Terms (whether by sale of assets or equity, merger, consolidation or otherwise).

  5. **Entire Agreement**.  These Terms and the agreements and documents incorporated by reference herein constitute the entire agreement between you and Lyfe with respect to the Services and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the Services. Lyfe reserves the right to revise these Terms of Service by updating this posting without prior notice. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.  

  6. **No Guarantee.** You acknowledge and agree that Lyfe does not guarantee any outcomes of your use of the Services. Lyfe reserves the right to modify or terminate your Services access, impose limits on certain features, restrict your access to parts of or the entire Services, or charge fees for access to portions of the Services at any time and for any reason, without notice or liability.

  7. **Severability; Waiver.** Lyfe’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. Except as expressly set forth herein, the exercise by a party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise. If any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remainder of the provision shall be amended to achieve as closely as possible the economic effect of the original term and all other provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 

  8. **Notices.**  Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given or made under these Terms shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or made when delivered in person, sent by United States registered or certified mail, or received by courier (e.g. FedEx), at the address specified as follows: If to Lyfe: LyfeVault Inc, d.b.a Lyfe AI, 1030 16th Avenue S, 2nd Floor, Nashville, TN 37212; if to you, at the address listed by you at the time of registration. Any party to these Terms may change its addresses for notice in the manner provided above.

  9. **Force Majeure.** Lyfe will not be liable for failure to perform any obligation under these Terms to the extent such failure is caused by a force majeure event, including but not limited to acts of God, natural disasters, war, civil disturbance, action by governmental entity, pandemic, strike, and other causes beyond Lyfe’s reasonable control. 

  10. **Electronic Records and Signature.** By clicking “**ACCEPT**”, you consent to: (a) the terms and conditions of these Terms; (b) Lyfe communicating with you electronically; (c) receiving all applications, notices, disclosures and authorizations (collectively, “**Records**”) from Lyfe electronically; and (d) entering into agreements and transactions using electronic Records and signatures. Please note that federal law treats electronic signatures as having the same legal force and effect as if they were signed on paper by hand, and online contracts have the same legal force as signing an equivalent paper contract in ink. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that Lyfe sends to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. You must have a computer or other web-enabled device, an internet connection, an active email account, and the ability to receive and read PDF files to conduct business with Lyfe electronically. You agree to be responsible for keeping your own Records. If you require assistance with its Records or wishes to receive Records in paper format or to withdraw consent to receiving electronic records from us, please contact Lyfe at hello@lyfe.ai. Agreements and transactions executed prior to this request will remain valid and enforceable.

**By clicking “Accept,” you acknowledge and agree to these Terms of Use.**

**\[Accept\]**

